Second uncle
Speech Thank you, if it were not for you
Something might have happened to me long ago
I have always doubted you before
See you look so good
I finally have an explanation for my elder brother and sister-in-law
11. I have to say sorry to you.
I knew at the beginning that Jiang Yu'e wanted to make a fortune by interrogating a few paragraphs.
I'm afraid that after she gets the money,
Will it be detrimental to the Jiang family like this time?
So I helped Xiao Jianshan
It's just that Xiao Jianshan's ambition exceeds your expectations
In fact, you just wanted to use her to suppress Jiang Yu'e at first.
But I didn't expect
He borrowed you
avoid scrutiny
I knew it from the beginning
Never blamed you
It would be best if you and your wife could understand.
Second uncle, where are you going?
I have been acquainted and drunk for twenty years
Now I can finally be myself
What do you mean? I announced
The next head of the family is
Jiang Mian and Shen Yi
good good good
Congratulations, congratulations, congratulations
Congratulations Congratulations
So delicious
Master, what should I do with those shares?
Such a big sum of money
I still have to give it back to you. I’m getting old too.
It's time to retire
Just give me the future
Zeng Sun’s gift, Zeng Sun
Arrange it tonight
If only we were here tonight
Let's go back to the room first